state:- state is an mutable object that is privately maintained inside a component
state can be change with in the component
state is mutable

props vs state

props:-
->props get passed to the component
->props are immutable
->in functional component props can be accessed using the props parameter
in class component props can be accessed using this.props

state:-
->state is managed with in the component
->variables declared in the function body
->state can be changed
-> in state:- in class component the state can be accessed using the this.state

why props are immutable?
because the parent usally passess down the props to the child component props are immutable
the parent owns the props and cannot be change by the children

why state is mutable?
state is mangaed with in the component and hence the component has full control to change the state

how the props can be accessed?
in functional component props can be accessed using the props parameter
in class component props can be accessed using this.props

how the state can be accessed in class
in state:- in class component the state can be accessed using the this.state

use of props and state :-
the props and state holds the information and influence into the ui

super:-
the super keyword is required because we extend the react component class and a call has to be made to the base class constructor

what is the use of shouldComponentUpdate?
if we use shouldComponentUpdate it will stop the execution and it will ask whether to re render or not
by default it will be true
if it is true means it again re render
if we return false means it didnot rerender

if the prop data and state data is same means we didnt rerender again

componentWillUnMount?
when 
the components are being method is called when the component is about to be removed from the DOM.

if we update the state inside render method what will happens?
it will continously re render , it will go to infinity loop

what is the use of keys?
to maintain the unique naature(each child have to maintain the unique nature)


what is mean by conditional rendering?
depending on the condition it will re render like elements or components


why we use the hooks?
to use the lifecyclemethod in functional component we use hooks

usestate?
useState has two parameters one is intial value and second one is to update the state